Hey, Angus!
I need to talk to you.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
Whee!
Okay. Two things.
One, bless you.
And two, what the heck
kind of sneeze was that?
That wasn't a sneeze.
I don't sneeze like that.
I'm a man!
Whee!
(CHUCKLES) Okay, well,
cover your mouth
when you "don't sneeze"!
Anyway, I have
a great idea
for a new app.
Here we go.
Everyone thinks they have
a great idea for an app.
It's like, "I'm just trying
to have lunch here, Mom,
"and now you've
made it awkward."
Do you even know
the first thing
about writing software?
How hard can it be?
Really hard! Harder than
writing some silly song!
Well, I'll have you know
that my dub-step remix
of Silly Song
is huge in Taiwan!
(SCOFFS)
Chyna! There you are!
We have major problems!
Listen to this.
We are under attack!
(BEEPS)
(HARP PLAYING)
We're being
attacked by angels?
No! Hashimoto Mobile
has come out
with the most downloaded
text alert in history.
That's why I need
my musical prodigy
to compose the catchiest,
most memorable
text alert ever.
(LAUGHS) Cool!
I would love to do it.
(HARP PLAYING)
I think you
just got a text.
No, I didn't.
Which can only
mean one thing.
(SCREAMS) People!
We are under
attack by angels!
Prepare yourselves!
This place
is about to become
a living heaven!
Oops!
(CHUCKLES)
(PHONE BEEPS)
My mistake.
I did get a text.
From Dr. Novine.
He wants to cancel
my counseling session today.
Oh, text him back.
That cannot happen.
♪ Ooh, ooh
Doo, doo
Whoo!
♪ Everybody's got that thing
♪ Something different
we all bring
♪ Don't you let 'em
clip your wings
♪ You got it
You got it
♪ We're on fire and we blaze
♪ In extraordinary ways
♪ 365 days
♪ We got it
We got it
♪ You can dream it
♪ You can be it
♪ If you can feel it
♪ You can believe it
♪ 'Cause I am, you are, we are
♪ Exceptional
Exceptional
♪ Yeah, I am, you are, we are
♪ Exceptional
Exceptional
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
Whoo!
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
(SIGHS LOUDLY)
(SIGHS DRAMATICALLY)
Olive, what?
Well, since you
won't let it go,
I'm all out
of reading material.
I've read all my textbooks,
all the books in the library,
and just now,
the entire Internet.
And I have to say,
World Wide Web,
quite a few typos.
Well, if you want
something to read,
read my lips.
Look, I need constant
intellectual stimulation.
If you want to keep
your mind busy,
how about I give
you a brain teaser?
(SCOFFS)
You know a brain teaser?
How quaint.
Okay, let's get this
over with.
Lay it on me,
Teaser of Brains.
Okay. In an
Egyptian villa,
Anthony and Cleopatra
are lying dead.
Caesar stands
over them.
Nearby is a broken glass,
and the floor is wet.
Caesar never laid
a hand on them
and they have not
been poisoned.
How did they die?
Olive?
Yes, Fletcher?
Do you know
the answer?
I'm thinking.
Do you want a hint?
No, I don't
want a hint!
Hints are for the weak
and the witless!
When have you
ever known me
to take a hint?
Certainly not two minutes
ago when I ignored
three of your sighs.
Okay, Mr. Grundy, I think
you're really going to like
what I've come up with.
I call this one
Untitled Text Alert.
I'm really bad
with titles.
(STRUMMING BASIC CHORDS)
(CHUCKLES)
Ah!
It's so evocative.
It reminds me of the time
when I was seven years old
at my favorite
amusement park,
the Wellington
World of Whimsy.
Great!
When suddenly,
I got separated
from my mother.
Tears in my eyes,
lost and alone,
I cried out, "Mother!
"Mother!
Where are you, Mother?
"Why have you
forsaken me?"
(SOBBING)
So, you love it?
(SPUTTERS)
I call this one
Another Untitled
Text Alert.
(PLAYING SOULFUL JAZZ MUSIC)
(CHUCKLES)
That sounds
like a warm cup
of homemade cocoa.
My grandmother drowned
in a cup of cocoa.
(PLAYING SIMPLE MELODY)
That is scandalously
inappropriate!
You should be
ashamed of yourself,
young lady!
(PLAYING SOFTLY)
(CHUCKLES)
Are you making fun of me?
Sir, maybe if you
give me an idea
of what you're
looking for, I can
not make you
cry again.
I don't know
what I'm looking for.
But I'll know it
when I hear it.
(SNEEZE BUILDING)
Whee!
That's it!
That's my new text alert!
BOTH: It is?
Yes! How did you come up
with that catchy sound?
No, all he did was...
(CHUCKLING)
What can I say?
I've got so much talent,
it's coming out of my nose.
(LAUGHS) You're also
incredibly witty.
Uh, Mr. Grundy,
please, just
let me play you
a couple more options.
I have one you're
really gonna love called
Witty Untitled Text Alert
that Doesn't Remind You
of Your Dead Grandmother.
Sorry, Chyna.
You had your chance.
I guess you were just in
over your head.
Much like Granny when she
ordered that large cocoa.
(STIFLING SOB)
(SQUEALS)
Wow. Maybe you should
write an app you could use
to see the shocked
look on your face.
You mean a mirror?
Ooh! I'd buy that app.
(CELLPHONES WHEE-ING)
Cheers, prodigies!
I am over the moon
with joy.
In fact, I haven't
been this happy since
I actually bought the moon.
And then went over it.
With joy.
(CHUCKLES)
What are you
so happy about?
The new zPhone sales
are through the roof,
thanks to
the new text alert
I commissioned.
It's now the most
listened-to sound
in history,
surpassing Happy Birthday,
the Beatles,
and characters on TV
saying, "Hello!"
I cannot believe
he thinks
Angus is talented.
It's Angus! Hello!
Why are you
telling me this?
We're not friends.
Hello!
Ah! There he is!
My main man.
The maestro! Mr. Music!
These are not nicknames.
I've just temporarily blanked
on what your name is.
CELLPHONE: Whee.
I just got a text.
Ah! Seems we just broke
all sales records in Europe!
Congratulations,
you!
Well, some people have it,
and some people are Chyna.
So! Who are
your new friends?
Oh, they're not
my friends.
They're my entourage.
Successful artists like me
have people eager to wait
on their every need.
Watch.
Old gum! (SPITS)
New gum!
Not spearmint!
We had a meeting
about this.
Well, Angus,
I'm glad to see
your text alert success
hasn't changed you.
No, my entourage
changes me.
Which reminds me.
Old shirt!
Ahhh! New shirt!
New shirt!
So, how's it going
with the riddle?
Have you figured out
how Anthony and Cleopatra
died yet?
I think so.
I've been doing
a lot of research on the
history of ancient Egypt,
and I think I have
discovered a little-known
interesting factoid
by examining
these hieroglyphs.
(COUGHING)
The Land of the Pharaohs
was devastated by a terrible
plague in 30 B.C.,
so Anthony and Cleopatra
must have died after
getting horribly sick!
See? This is the
ancient Egyptian symbol
for projectile vomiting.
Where'd you get that?
From the museum.
You mean
the gift shop, right?
Okay.
I can't believe
you can't solve this riddle!
It's so simple.
I got the answer
in two seconds.
If you got it,
then maybe I just
need to think like you.
"Duh, Cleopatra
go sleep-sleep!"
Olive, do you know
where my blue jacket is?
(SCREAMS) I can't
solve any more
mysteries right now!
My brain
is going to explode!
Oh! Here it is.
Underneath this
worthless old rock.
(SHATTERING)
Ahhh!
Don't worry. You can
just get another one
at the gift shop.
Right. Gift shop.
Angus, what are
you doing in here?
I'm a musical genius.
I need to be around
these musical
doodads.
But you don't
even know what any
of these instruments are.
Sure I do.
The hobo.
The weird hanger.
And the French-dip horn.
It's called the French horn,
not the French-dip horn.
Then explain why there's
a roast beef sandwich in it.
Yo! Guys! You got to
get up on this organic
honeybell mustard.
You don't know
anything about music.
Or French-dip sandwiches.
You want to use
a spicy mustard,
not a sweet mustard.
Well, if I don't know
anything about music,
then why did Mr. Grundy
ask me to write a song
for all the new
zPhone commercials?
What? How could that be?
I'm the musical prodigy!
This makes no sense!
Can we talk
about this later?
I'm eating.
Old napkin!
New napkin!
Lexi? You joined
Angus's entourage?
But you don't
even like Angus.
I know. But I weighed
how little I like
to spend time with Angus
against how much I knew
this would irritate you.
Looking at your face now,
I see I made the right choice!
(SNIFFING)
Olive?
(GRUNTING) Yeah?
What are you doing?
I'm doing what all great
sleuths do when they are
momentarily stumped.
Forget to bathe
and descend into
madness?
No! Lay out all the clues
and then approach them
with the cold, calculating
focus of a TV detective.
Hello!
I can't believe
you don't know
the answer and I do.
Me! The person you're
always making fun of
for being dumb.
Well, who's dumber now?
Yeah. Why do you
know the answer?
It's not 'cause
you're smart.
Maybe you did it!
Maybe you killed
Anthony and Cleopatra
and framed Caesar.
Admit it! You killed them
because they found out
about your pyramid scheme!
Uh, so, Angus,
now that you're
a musical maestro,
why don't you...
Hold that thought.
(SHOUTS) Old eye crust!
New eye crust!
Why would you ask
for new eye crust?
Because I can.
You were saying?
I was saying I'd love
to hear the music
you've come up with
for Mr. Grundy's
new ad campaign.
Well, I don't have
anything yet,
but just like
my text alert,
it'll come to me.
It's not hard
like writing an app.
Or trying to use
one of these weird hangers.
Okay, I get it.
I'm sorry I said
writing an app was easy.
But just admit
you didn't write
any music.
(SNORTS) Of course I did.
But you just sneezed!
And it sounded like
a baby leprechaun
on a teeter-totter.
"Whee!"
Chyna, I know
you're stuck on your old,
boring ideas of music
made with musical doodads...
Instruments!
They're called instruments!
Whatever!
But what you
mistook for a sneeze
was actually
a new form of music
I call
nasal singing.
Ah. My mistake.
In fact, since you
made such beautiful
music with your nose,
maybe you should
compose the song
for Mr. Grundy
using the, uh, other sounds
that come out of your body.
There are a lot of them.
Yeah! I'm
gonna do it!
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(CHUCKLES)
Mr. Grundy?
You joined
his entourage?
What? I am the CEO
of a multi-billion-dollar
corporation.
I don't have time
to be in an entourage.
Besides, I'm already
in a crew, a posse,
and a sewing circle.
Where do you think
I made this dope track suit?
So, Sparky,
how is my song coming?
Am I going to love it?
(CHUCKLING)
Trust me,
you're going to be
knocked out by his
body of work.
I can't wait
to hear it.
But I'll have to,
because if you're late
for sewing circle,
they bad-mouth you
on a pillow.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Chyna, are you
up here crying?
You shouldn't be alone.
I want to watch.
I'm not crying.
But Mr. Grundy's eyes
are gonna water
when he hears Angus' song.
Trust me.
It's gonna stink.
What did you do?
I just tricked Angus
into writing a zPhone song
that is so embarrassing,
he's going to make
a huge fool of himself.
Chyna, that is evil.
Unforgivably evil.
I'm so proud of you!
No! I'm not being evil.
I'm teaching Angus a lesson.
(SIGHS) He's a fraud
and he does not deserve
the success he's getting.
I deserve it.
That's exactly how I feel
about all your successes!
We're like
the same person!
Seriously, it's like
I'm looking in a mirror.
Well, a funhouse mirror.
That's not very fun.
I think you're overstating it.
All I did was a little prank.
You call embarrassing Angus
in front of millions of people
"a little prank?"
Wait. What do you mean,
"millions of people"?
Mr. Grundy decided
to debut Angus's song
at the big
Z-Tech presentation.
It's being streamed live
all over the world!
What? Well, when
does it start?
Thursday.
(SIGHS)
This Thursday.
Today.
It's happening right now.
As you know,
our theme park,
Z-Land,
has been closed since 2003
when it was discovered
that the haunted house
was really haunted,
by asbestos.
But we are proud
to finally announce
the opening next year
of New Z-Land.
What do you mean,
the name's taken?
Anyway, here to perform
the song for the new
zPhone ad campaign,
the genius behind
our best-selling text alert,
Big Guy!
My murderer
walks the Earth
unpunished!
While I,
the queen of Egypt,
am tormented
by a cockamamie riddle!
Olive, there's something
different about you.
Have you lost weight?
Or your mind?
I figured if I act out
the riddle, the answer
will present itself.
I'm Cleopatra.
You're Anthony.
Lie down, you're dead.
How did I die?
That's what I'm trying
to figure out!
Look. I'm sorry
I told you this riddle.
Or ever met you.
Can I please
just tell you the answer?
Never! I've been
trying to solve this
non-stop for days!
Maybe Cleopatra was
having a drink of water,
dropped the glass,
which startled a basket
full of venomous snakes,
which leapt out
and devoured
Anthony's face.
(SNAKES HISSING)
Where did you
get real snakes?
From a zoo
...'s gift shop.
(SNAKES HISSING)
(SCREAMS) Look! Look!
Cleopatra and Anthony
were goldfish in a bowl,
which was knocked over
by a cat named Caesar!
What bowl?
You said there was
a broken glass on the floor.
No, there's broken glass
on the floor.
(SHRIEKING) You said
"a" broken glass!
Did I? Huh.
Potato, tomato.
I've limited my thinking
to it being "a" broken glass!
Olive, what are you
getting so upset about?
So I said "a" glass. Big deal.
Right. Let's move on
to a new riddle.
A boy is found stuffed
in a basket full of snakes.
Who put him there?
I did.
(SNAKES HISSING)
Ugh! Where is the Roomavator?
What does this button even do?
(SNAKES HISSING)
(HAWKING PHLEGM)
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(SNORTING)
(POPS)
Oh...
(HAWKING CONTINUES)
This is the worst thing
I have ever seen.
And I've seen you
star in a musical.
I've got to help him.
(CHUCKLES) Hello,
ladies and gentlemen!
I know what
you're thinking.
It appears that this
poor guy is just up here
completely humiliating himself
by making random
and disgusting bodily noises.
(GLEEFULLY)
Because he is!
(WHISPERING)
What are you doing?
I'm saving you.
(CHUCKLES) Folks,
what he is in fact doing
is showing you how,
with the new zPhone,
you can take disgusting
noises and turn them
into beautiful music.
So, how about
a little bit more
of that nasal singing?
(SNEEZE BUILDING)
Whee!
Now, add
a little hiccup!
(BEEPS)
(HICCUPS)
Now, hit me
with the phlegm!
(BEEPS)
(SNORTS)
Now smooth it all out
with a little bit
of mellow armpit.
(SQUELCHING)
(CHUCKLES) Now,
with just a few taps...
(HICCUPPING AND SQUELCHING
RHYTHMICALLY)
Whee!
(HICCUPPING AND SQUELCHING
RHYTHMICALLY)
Whee!
(HICCUPPING AND SQUELCHING
RHYTHMICALLY)
Whee!
(HICCUPPING AND SQUELCHING
RHYTHMICALLY)
Whee! Whee! Whee!
(RHYTHMIC SNORTING BEGINS)
(OTHER SOUNDS CONTINUE)
Whee!
(LAUGHS)
(CHEERING)
That was a great song...
Angus.
His name is Angus.
And I agree.
Great song, Angus.
(HUFFS)
ANGUS: Huh! It really was.
Thanks, Chyna.
You saved me.
(GIGGLES)
I'm sorry I acted
like a jerk.
And I'm sorry
I tricked you into coming
up here and doing this.
Look, I never
should have...
(SNEEZE BUILDING)
Whee!
You know, you should
really cover your mouth.
Because I...
I think I'm...
I'm catching your...
(SNEEZE BUILDING)
(DEEP GROWLING SNEEZE)
You two have the silliest
sneezes I've ever heard.
(SNEEZE BUILDING)
Ah-choo!
(WARBLING IN HIGH PITCH)
What? No one's going
to say gesundheit?
Silly Song Two, Sillier Song
recording session, take one.
(SNEEZING)
(ALL SNEEZING RHYTHMICALLY)
(ANGUS GRUNTS)
Guys, once more!
You've got to be sillier.
It's called Sillier Song!
Hello!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org